docs: intructions to mitigate GitHub Actions permissions issues (#2194)
changesets/changesets: site/guide/automating.md

## How do I run the version and publish commands?

### Automatic setup

You can set up the [Changesets GitHub Action](https://github.com/changesets/action) to automate this process:

- It creates a `version` PR, then keeps it up to date, recreating it when merged.
- Optionally, if publishing is set up, it automatically publishes the release whenever the PR is merged.

#### GitHub permissions issues

> One important step to not miss is to enable appropriate permissions for the action to work :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub requires manually enabling actions to manage pull requests:
```

> 1. Add writing permissions for the GitHub access token used by the job that triggers `changesets/action` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add write permissions for the GitHub token used by the job that executes `changesets/action` :
```

```yml
# In .github/workflows/release.yml or similar

jobs:
  release:
    # ...
    permissions:
      contents: write # For changesets to create/update PRs

>       pull-requests: write # For changesets to push tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      contents: write # to create git tags, GitHub Releases
      pull-requests: write # to create/update Pull Requests
      # optional, for npm Trusted Publishing
      id-token: write # allow creating OIDC token
```

    steps:
      # ...
      - name: Create Release PR
        uses: changesets/action@63a615b9cd06ba9a3e6d13796c7fbcb080a60a0b # v1.8.0
```

2. In your GitHub repository's settings, go to `Code and automation > Actions > General` and enable the option `Allow GitHub Actions to create and approve pull requests` at the end.

::: details Errors you may encounter if you skip these steps

- `remote: Permission to xxx.git denied to github-actions[bot]`

> - `GitHub Actions is not permitted to create or approve pull requests`

Reviewer: i would still prefer if this wasn't collapsed, as i don't know if it would be picked up by search engines...
@bluwy

Author: By looking at the source code of https://vitepress.dev/guide/markdown, I noticed that details container blocks are wrapped by HTML `<details>` tags (which contain the collapsed text in the markup), and according to [this](https://support.google.com/webmasters/thread/184168492/text-inside-details-html-tag?hl=en), that content is read by search engines.

I'm not sure about all search engines but I would guess it applies the same ?

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine though being collapsed, it's still rendered so should be picked up by search engines 🤔 Let me see if the final document looks not too cluttered if we can leave this uncollapsed though
